Little brother, don't be brave
The pen holder. It's a modern imitation.
I sold it myself, can I not know?
Master Hou is a big collector
Can't hide it
Hahaha, Yang Ming and that Mike said so.
When are you going to be strong?
Yang Ming, everyone is an adult
Don't do this kind of thing that slaps your face and makes you fat again
So as not to laugh and think big
I think he's here to make trouble.
I just said that you can't survive today
Now deliberately belittling the dean
And I also gave a modern imitation as a gift.
Hmph, I think he's here to make trouble
What do you mean I won't survive today?
Confess that what Liang Shao said is true?
Yes!
Just now at the door he said that there is a big problem with your body
Can't make it through today
Also bet with Liang Shao
I see him being thrifty
Just let him in.
Nonsense drive the ball out
Didn't see me go out enough
Well, Master Yang did come with me
In this way, Master Yang's birthday gift
I'll prepare another one for him.
Just make amends for you
Sage, he was brought by you, okay?
Master Yang did come with me
But I can guarantee it.
Master Yang definitely didn't mean to make trouble on purpose
I am better than you alone
So
Can you give me another chance to back up my life again?
Just as an apology to you